add comment of bash script (#126)
mspnp/microservices-reference-implementation: deployment.md

Set environment variables.

```bash
#The key file value should be the file path
export SSH_PUBLIC_KEY_FILE=[YOUR_RECENTLY_GENERATED_SSH_RSA_PUBLIC_KEY_FILE_HERE]

export LOCATION=[YOUR_LOCATION_HERE]

> #The resource group name should not greater than 17 char or the key vault name will longer than 24 char

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#The resource group name should not greater than 17 characters. The resource group name is used to generate the key vault name, which has a limit of 24 characters.
```
